# Into-Zootopia
It was 11:37 pm and I was readying for bed. I heard a shriek, coming from outside. Who can that be at this of the hour? The door was open and I suddenly remembered. My sister was out in the driveway, looking for her necklace. I dashed out. If she was the one screaming, it can't be good.  I was horrified at what I saw. She was cornered and still trying to back into the car. There was a small animal that was, by the looks of it, attacking her. Its fur was bristling and in the bright moonlight, its eyes seemed to glow.  I ran in front of my sister, shielding her from the savage animal. I smelled something slightly off. There was a sweet aroma floating around here and it was not pleasant.  Suddenly, it stopped moving for a moment and then grew closer. Once the creature was close enough, I lunged at him, my fingers out to attack. I could feel my fingers dig into his fur and skin. He growled at me and tried to throw me into the car. I jumped up quickly, adrenaline causing me to not feel any pain as my attacker clawed at my forearm. I looked at the weasel from across the space. He grinned, showing his fangs and suddenly threw something down.   A cloud of powder bursted out, spreading across the room. The moon shone through the rising dust, causing the deadly powder to shine a shade of vibrant purple. I quickly took this chance to of confusion to grab my sister and dash into the safety of my house.  When I was in, my lungs was heaving and gasping for air. My parents rushed to us and gasped. My mother quickly rushed to fetch some ointment while my father hugged my sister.   Very soon, my arm was bandaged  with ointment and medicine. My mom sat down on the sofa next to me, with a worried expression. “What happened out there?” She asked. “How did you get that?”  I explained to her what happened while my dad tried to contain his shock.   “There is no weasels in this neighborhood though!” He suddenly interrupted. I sighed and rubbed my eyes. My mom immediately noticed and said, “Go to sleep, honey. Even though you have the wound on your arm, it isn’t that bad so you will still go to school tomorrow.”  I groaned in response. I definitely did not want to go to school. I wanted to take a day off really badly. I stumbled into bed. As soon as my head hit my soft pillow, I started to softly snore.  The next day on my way to school, I saw my friends crowding around my classmate Charlotte.  “Zootopia is awesome!” A random kid yelled.  “What’s Zootopia?” I asked my friends quizzically. There was five more minutes before school started. Charlotte her classmate had her phone out, looking at some kind of movie trailer. A few of the kids had heard me and were staring at me, eyes wide.  “You don’t know what Zootopia is?!” Alex, another one of my Science classmates gasped. “It is by far, the best Disney movie ever! In fact, the best in the world!”  “Should I care?” I replied haughtily, tossing my hair to one side. “From what I see,” I paused to glance at Charlotte’s phone, “Zootopia is just a land of fuzzies. Looks boring.” Right then, my best friend Lillian bounced up to me and squealed, “I just watched Zootopia yesterday! It was the best movie ever!” But she suddenly frowned. “Steph, I know you well enough to declare that the expression plastered on your face right now is your ‘I don’t care whatever you are talking about, and I am much more superior than you kids.’ Why are you always so smug? You have nothing to be prideful about. But anyway, I promise it is nothing like the other princess Disney movies.”   I simply ignored her and crossed the street. Her narrowed eyes bore into my back, but I didn’t really care. If all she is going to talk about is Zootopia, then she shouldn’t be my friend.
